README.md, before:

enhanced-pet-clinic
===================

Spring Pet Clinic example using Spring-Boot, Thymeleaf, AOP, MVC, Embedded Tomcat, Security, and more.

## Technology stack

 - Spring Boot
 - Thymeleaf
 - Dandelion-Datatables 0.10.0
 - Hibernate Validator
 - WebJars
 - Tomcat 8

## Spring Features

 - Spring JavaConfig
 - Spring Security
 - Spring MVC
 - Spring JPA
 - Spring AOP

## Tomcat 8

POM <tomcat.version>8.0.8</tomcat.version>

NOTE: Check latest stable version.

## To run this application

Using __Embedded Apache Tomcat__:

    mvn spring-boot:run

You can then access the sample here: [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/)

## Spring Boot Remote Shell

To access this application via SSH, use the username sshuser with password sshpassword on port 2000.

Example: ssh -p 2000 sshuser@localhost

Type help for a list of commands. See [http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/htmlsingle/#production-ready-connecting-to-the-remote-shell](Spring Boot Reference Manual Section 38.1).

### Use of Profiles

There are currently 2 sets of profiles:
  * Environment
  ** test - allows for access via HTTP and HTTPS
  ** live - only allows access via HTTPS and puts management pages behind under security
  * Database
  ** intdb - uses hsqldb as an internal database
  ** extdb - uses MySQL as an external database
Use different databases depending on profile.
http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current-SNAPSHOT/reference/htmlsingle/ Section 58.5


## TODO / To Fix

### Spring Boot Auditing

Add implementation for a lock-out policy based on authentication failures.

### Packaging executable jar application

http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current-SNAPSHOT/reference/htmlsingle/ Section 53.1

### Logout (Spring Security)

When session management is enabled with a lockout policy for maximum sessions reached, logging out prevents the user from re-logging in. So far I have been unable to figure out how to implement the removal of the session upon logout.

### Actuator

Make index page for Actuator services, available to an ADMIN or superuser.

### "Whitelabel" Error Page

Ensure error handling is happening properly.

Commit message:

Ensure all forms handle error reporting the same way. Add td weights for all forms. Remove id attributes where unneeded. Fix link from ownerDetails back to ownerList. Fix XML and RSS buttons. Add unique constraints for user. Change password minimum length. Add CSS styling for input fields. Add CSS style for fields with errors. Get Flow to display message upon termination.

README.md, after:

enhanced-pet-clinic
===================

Spring Pet Clinic example using Spring-Boot, Thymeleaf, AOP, MVC, Embedded Tomcat, Security, and more.

## Technology stack

 - Spring Boot
 - Thymeleaf
 - Dandelion-Datatables 0.10.0
 - Hibernate Validator
 - WebJars
 - Tomcat 8

## Spring Features

 - Spring JavaConfig
 - Spring Security
 - Spring MVC
 - Spring JPA
 - Spring AOP

## Tomcat 8

POM <tomcat.version>8.0.8</tomcat.version>

NOTE: Check latest stable version.

## To run this application

Using __Embedded Apache Tomcat__:

    mvn spring-boot:run

You can then access the sample here: [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/)

## Spring Boot Remote Shell

To access this application via SSH, use the username sshuser with password sshpassword on port 2000.

Example: ssh -p 2000 sshuser@localhost

Type help for a list of commands. See [http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/htmlsingle/#production-ready-connecting-to-the-remote-shell](Spring Boot Reference Manual Section 38.1).

### Use of Profiles

There are currently 2 sets of profiles:
  * Environment
  ** test - allows for access via HTTP and HTTPS
  ** live - only allows access via HTTPS and puts management pages behind under security
  * Database
  ** intdb - uses hsqldb as an internal database
  ** extdb - uses MySQL as an external database
Use different databases depending on profile.
http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current-SNAPSHOT/reference/htmlsingle/ Section 58.5

## HTTP POST vs. PUT
I removed all PUT requests from the application. Please see http://zacharyvoase.com/2009/07/03/http-post-put-diff/ for more information.

## TODO / To Fix

### Spring Boot Auditing

Add implementation for a lock-out policy based on authentication failures.

### Packaging executable jar application

http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current-SNAPSHOT/reference/htmlsingle/ Section 53.1

### Logout (Spring Security)

When session management is enabled with a lockout policy for maximum sessions reached, logging out prevents the user from re-logging in. So far I have been unable to figure out how to implement the removal of the session upon logout.

### Actuator

Make index page for Actuator services, available to an ADMIN or superuser.

### "Whitelabel" Error Page

Ensure error handling is happening properly.
